Add documentation for compit integration (#36120)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/compit.markdown

  - Climate
  - Number
  - Select
  - Sensor
  - Switch
  - Water heater
ha_release: 2024.12
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - "@CompitHomeAssistant"
  - "@Przemko92"
ha_domain: compit
ha_platforms:
  - climate
  - number
  - select
  - sensor
  - switch
ha_integration_type: integration
---

This integration is created by [Compit](https://compit.pl/) to integrate air conditioning, ventilation and heating controllers with Home Assistant. This integration needs Compit iNext account setup at [inext.compit.pl](https://inext.compit.pl).

## Supported devices

**This component supports the following Compit devices.**

| Device        | Description                                                                                                                                                   |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Nano Color 2  | https://compit.pl/produkty/termostaty-pokojowe/88-termostat-pokojowy-nano-color-2.html?ic=1                                                                   |

> | Nano Color    |

Author: Some supported devices are not intended for the consumer market and does not have documentation.

> | Nano Color    |

Author: I've updated the table.

---
title: Compit
description: Instructions on how to integrate Compit devices within Home Assistant.

> ha_category:

Reviewer: please keep only the currently implemented categories

  - Climate
  - Number
  - Select
  - Sensor
  - Switch
  - Water heater
ha_release: 2024.12
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - "@CompitHomeAssistant"
  - "@Przemko92"
ha_domain: compit
ha_platforms:
  - climate

>   - number
>   - select
>   - sensor
>   - switch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

ha_integration_type: integration
---

> This integration is created by [Compit](https://compit.pl/) to integrate air conditioning, ventilation and heating controllers with Home Assistant. This integration needs Compit iNext account setup at [inext.compit.pl](https://inext.compit.pl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Compit** {% term integration %} allows you to integrate air conditioning, ventilation and heating controllers with Home Assistant. This integration needs a Compit iNext account to be setup at [inext.compit.pl](https://inext.compit.pl).
```

## Prerequisites

- Create an account on [inext.compit.pl](https://inext.compit.pl).
- Configure your Compit devices within the account.

## Supported devices

**This component supports the following Compit devices.**

| Device        | Type                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                   |
| ------------- | -------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | Nano Color 2  | Room thermostat            | [Product page](https://compit.pl/produkty/termostaty-pokojowe/88-termostat-pokojowy-nano-color-2.html?ic=1)                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Nano Color 2](https://compit.pl/produkty/termostaty-pokojowe/88-termostat-pokojowy-nano-color-2.html?ic=1) - Room thermostat
```
We can use a list instead to avoid using a table here. The link can be directly on the device name

| EL750         | Electric boiler controller | [Product page](https://compit.pl/produkty/sterowniki-do-kotlow/73-sterownik-kotla-elektrycznego-el750-1.html?ic=1)                                                            |
| R350.M        | Universal controller       | [Product page](https://compit.pl/produkty/sterowniki-uniwerslane/85-pogodowy-regulator-temperatury-obiegu-grzewczego-z-mieszaczem-r350m.html?ic=1)                            |
| R350 T3       | Universal controller       | [Product page](https://compit.pl/produkty/sterowniki-instalacji/42-dwustopniowy-sterownik-temperatury-regulator-pi-regulator-krokowy-sterowanie-3-punktowe-r350-07.html?ic=1) |
| R350.CWU      | Universal controller       | [Product page](https://compit.pl/produkty/sterowniki-uniwerslane/78-sterownik-do-podgrzewania-wody-r350-cwu.html?ic=1)                                                        |
| AF-1          | Anti-freeze system         | [Product page](https://compit.pl/produkty/osprzet/91-af-1.html?ic=1)                                                                                                          |

> ## Configuration in the UI

Reviewer: please follow the format in https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/docs-installation-instructions

---
title: Compit
description: Instructions on how to integrate Compit devices within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Climate

> ha_release: 2025.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ha_release: 2025.10
```
Hopefully we can get it ready for release 2025.10 :)

ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:

>   - "@CompitHomeAssistant"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I don't see any commits from that user. Can we remove it for now?

  - "@Przemko92"
ha_domain: compit
ha_platforms:
  - climate
ha_integration_type: integration
---

The **Compit** {% term integration %} allows you to integrate air conditioning, ventilation and heating controllers with Home Assistant. This integration needs a Compit iNext account to be setup at [inext.compit.pl](https://inext.compit.pl).

## Prerequisites

- Create an account on [inext.compit.pl](https://inext.compit.pl).
- Configure your Compit devices within the account.

## Installation instructions

- Open Home Assistant and navigate to **Settings** > **Devices & Services**.
- Click the **Add Integration** button in the bottom-right corner.
- Search for **Compit** in the list of available integrations.
- Select **Compit** and follow the on-screen instructions:
  - Enter your **Email** and **Password** for your [inext.compit.pl](https://inext.compit.pl) account.
- Once authenticated, Home Assistant will automatically discover and add your Compit devices.
- Configure the devices as needed in the Home Assistant UI.

> If you encounter any issues during installation, refer to the [Home Assistant documentation](https://www.home-assistant.io/help/) or contact [Compit support](https://compit.pl/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

{% configuration_basic %}
Username:
    description: "The username of your Compit iNext account."
Password:
    description: "The password of your Compit iNext account."
{% endconfiguration_basic %}
```

Lets use the template for this.

## Supported devices

> **This component supports the following Compit devices.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component supports the following Compit devices:
```

- [COMBO](https://compit.pl/produkty/osprzet/92-combo.html?ic=1) - Combo module
- [EL750](https://compit.pl/produkty/sterowniki-do-kotlow/73-sterownik-kotla-elektrycznego-el750-1.html?ic=1) - Electric boiler controller
- [R350.M](https://compit.pl/produkty/sterowniki-uniwerslane/85-pogodowy-regulator-temperatury-obiegu-grzewczego-z-mieszaczem-r350m.html?ic=1) - Universal controller
- [R350 T3](https://compit.pl/produkty/sterowniki-instalacji/42-dwustopniowy-sterownik-temperatury-regulator-pi-regulator-krokowy-sterowanie-3-punktowe-r350-07.html?ic=1) - Universal controller
- [R350.CWU](https://compit.pl/produkty/sterowniki-uniwerslane/78-sterownik-do-podgrzewania-wody-r350-cwu.html?ic=1) - Universal controller
- [AF-1](https://compit.pl/produkty/osprzet/91-af-1.html?ic=1) - Anti-freeze system

## Configuration

{% configuration %}
Email:
  description: User email for [inext.compit.pl](https://inext.compit.pl).
  required: true
  type: string
Password:
  description: Password for the account.
  required: true
  type: integer
{% endconfiguration %}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Already added above
